---

layout: single
title:  "Best Quotes"
date:   2023-07-18 01:30:24 +0100

---

> Quote from Little Prince
> >  It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye

> Quote by Albert Einstein
> >  Not everything that can be counted counts and not everything that counts can be counted

> Quote by David McCullough Jr. 
> > Climb mountains not so the world can see you, but so you can see the world

 > Quote by Etienne de Grellet 
> > I shall pass this way but once; any good that I can do or any kindness I can show to any human being; Let me do it now.  Let me not defer or neglect it, for I shall not pass this way again.

> > Its You vs. You

 > Quote by Abraham Lincoln
> > A drop of honey catches more flies than a gallon of gall.

 > Quote by Socrates
> > I only know one thing, and that is know nothing.

 > Quote by Alexander Pope
> > Men must be taught as if you taught them not, and things unknown proposd as things forgot.

 > Quote by William Shakesspeare
> >  There is a divinity that shapes our ends, Rough-hew them how we will.

 > Quote by Albert Einstein
> >  No Problem can be solved from the same level of conciousness that created it.

 > Quote by Henry Ford
> > Whether you think you can, or you think you cant , you are right!

 > Quote by Albert Einstein
> > The intutive mind is a sacred gift and the rational mind is faithful servant .
> > We have created a society that honors the servent and has forgotten the gift !!


 > Quote by Francis Bacon
> > Money is good Servant , but a bad master!


